It has to be.
It has to be, Madalena.
We have to give away
one of our daughters.
Why, António?
Because you're married
to engineer Eduardo.
If he finds out you had two kids,
he might divorce you and fire me.
But he doesn't know.
I hid this pregnancy.
I told him I was allergic to beans.
But he'll find out, eventually.
Take a look at the girls.
Look.
Look at them.
They look just like me.
Look at their beards.
- Let me keep one.
- No, it can't happen.
- Half of one?
- Don't insist.
Only I know how hard it is
to give one of my daughters to a man
that doesn't even have a car.
- What's that?
- I'm sorry.
No, I refuse.
I refuse to give up my girls.
Don't you understand, António?
Don't you understand?
These girls are a remembrance
of that night of love
in the windmill of Alcanhões.
Madalena, choose one, okay?
Choose one.
This one.
This one?
Are you sure?
Madalena, did you look at her nose?
They look the same.
They're twins.
Alright.
Can we do this?
My brother-in-law will be on TV.
You're right, but this is hard.
It's only the second time
I give away my kids.
This one is going.
Alright.
No! Wait.
Let me give her something,
so she doesn't go like this.
Not the necklace, it's made of gold.
Take this, my dear.
Take this pack of cigarettes.
There you go.
Let's go.
Don't worry.
We'll raise her like one of our own.
We've already bought
a Dulce Pontes onesie.
Thank you.
Come here.
Come here, don't cry.
Calm down.
We had no choice.
I promise to take good care of her.
Nothing bad will ever happen to her.
- No!
- Calm down.
Calm down, Madalena.
Calm down.
THIRTY YEARS LATER
Mum?
Good morning.
Mum, I'm going on a boat ride,
on the river.
What's up?
Nothing.
I was just thinking
about my life choices.
We've talked about that.
- They're not as big as you wanted...
- It's not that.
- I've done terrible things.
- Jesus.
It's almost like
you had two daughters,
gave one to a man with a boat
and the boat exploded.
Never say that again!
- What's going on here?
- Mum hit me.
Madalena!
I'm sorry.
It's the gin.
Gin?
But you don't even like gin.
Exactly.
Everyone does, except me.
It makes me upset.
- Sir?
- Yes, António?
The miss' birthday party
for tomorrow is ready.
Thank you.
My daughter.
Thirty years.
I remember when your mum brought you
in a basket, without cigarettes,
with her hair smelling like the river
and flames.
I don't understand how you thought
I was an allergy to beans.
It was a different time.
There was no Internet.
- Everyone knew Dulce Pontes.
- Shut up!
If I could, I would erase that day
from our history and from my memory.
Matilde!
Madalena!
Have you thought about it?
If our other daughter was alive,
she'd also turn thirty tomorrow.
Tomorrow, you turn thirty.
I don't even know if that's true.
That's what the letter that came
on the crib where they found me said.
If the letter said that...
The letter also said
that Dulce Pontes would be
the next Amália, and then...
You're the director of the biggest
Portuguese fashion magazine: Blaze.
It doesn't matter if you were found
on a burnt basket
with a pack of cigarettes and cherries.
I will not rest until I unveil
the secrets of my past.
Have you heard from New York?
No.
But it's a matter of time.
The scientists
from the International Wicker Centre
are working to find out
where that basket came from.
I'm also searching on the Dark Web,
but you need to let this go, Filipa.
It's not easy.
The end of "Prós e Contras"
was also hard, but you'll get over it,
with either therapy
or Rodrigo Leão's music.
Miss...
I told you I don't like to be interrupted
when I'm standing.
Apologies.
Get out!
I hate women taller than me.
RTP and COYOTE VADIO
present
SUNSET
Love comes at Night
I'm tired of my mum
and the weight of being
a Bourbon de Linhaça.
When are we running away,
Lourenço?
And we'll survive with what?
I'm just an amateur musician,
the son of your housekeeper.
It doesn't matter.
Just tell me when.
I don't know.
First, we'd need a good pair
of running shoes,
a canteen, some cereal bars and...
We don't need any of that.
We have our love.
Choose a day,
so I can dream about it.
The 20th of August.
Good.
Of 2046.
With the money I make here...
Never mind that.
I'll steal
my family's diamond necklace.
The necklace of São Cajó?
Yes.
No, Matilde.
No, that would be insane.
No.
That necklace has been
in the Bourbon de Linhaça family
for more than 3500 years.
So what? It's just a necklace.
Our future
is worth so much more.
No.
I...
I may be just a simple field worker
who has never played videogames,
but I have my honour.
Sunset
- May I?
- Come in, Maria da Piedade.
- I'm just chopping some wood.
- In the living room?
I'm too old to chop wood outside,
you know?
Too many years
of sleeping naked.
The humidity got into my bones
and now my knees, they...
Don't say that, António.
You're still young.
Everyone else your age
wishes they had your energy to work.
It's the only thing I know how to do.
As you know,
I never went to school.
I had to start working
when I was very young,
on that damned coal mine.
- Your life was not easy.
- Not at all.
But thanks to my work,
I was able to feed the whole family.
It was enough for me,
for my parents, for my son
and for the Spanish woman
who made me tortillas in topless.
Well, António, I came to talk to you
because of your son, Lourenço.
Tell me, Maria da Piedade.
Don't scare me.
What's going on?
António...
Your son was outside
kissing the boss' daughter.
- What?
- Yes.
Calm down, António.
Watch out for your sinusitis.
Calm down.
I told him
that if he got involved with Matilde
I'd send him to the boy scouts.
And that's what I'll do.
Don't do that, please.
He's your son.
I'm going to do it, I don't care.
Where are the Yellow Pages?
António!
Good morning.
- Good morning, Zé Tó!
- Hey, how are you?
Hi, Joaquina!
Augusto!
- My name is Vitorino!
- It doesn't matter.
- How are you doing? Still breathing?
- Got a lot of work?
Always driving brits around.
It's 300 Euros
from here to the cathedral.
Stay here
and I'll buy you a drink later.
- Alright.
- Stay here.
- See you later.
- I'll pay you a drink.
Goodbye!
Elsa!
Your youngest kid is all snotty.
- How's it going, mum?
- I'm going insane.
That goddamn pension for tourists.
There's a lot of hairy brits.
It's not a pension, it's an hostel.
I'll tell them what an hostel is.
Look at that.
Hello, working class.
How's it going?
Zé Pinto,
did your daughter get that abortion?
You're getting better and better.
You're better than your daughter.
Tó Mané!
You can't even handle your own wife
and you're hitting on tourists?
Your stepfather is a bastard.
Always messing with the brits.
Elsa!
Your kid is smoking
cigarette butts from the floor.
Calm down.
Good afternoon, working class.
What's there to eat?
I'm singing at Adega do Zarolho,
later, and I need to eat.
With so many sparrows around,
I had to catch this canary.
Take this!
Take it!
As if she doesn't like it.
Unfortunately, Eduardo,
there's no cure for a heart sigh.
If it was a murmur...
But, in this case,
I'd say you have six months to live.
- Six months?
- Maybe seven,
if you replace red meat with olives
and avoid cars with leather seats.
Especially during the summer.
Why? Why me?
We all ask that.
No one knows the origin
of the heart sigh.
Some say it's genetic,
others say it was the Chinese
with this 5G thing,
no one knows.
My God.
The only thing we know
is that instead of pumping blood,
the heart pumps gas inside the body,
we start to inflate, we take off...
... and explode.
The only thing we can do
is to find a compatible donor.
Rodrigo, you've been my doctor
for more than 20 years,
ever since I put in the implants
to enlarge my buttocks.
Promise me that this conversation
will stay between us
and the Internet people.
I promise.
Don't worry, old friend.
And be strong.
Be strong.
My battery's running out...
Eduardo...
Do you have anything
you want to tell me?
Get out!
Get out, Simão!
You don't have time
for your own brother?
Brother?
How can you call me brother
after all you've done?
What do you mean, Eduardo?
You don't have any proof
that I planted the bomb.
I know it was you who planted
the bomb on the winepress,
it was you who poisoned
the horses with tofu
and it was you who wrote my phone
number on the men's bathroom door
at the Aveiras motorway service area.
- You're not sure of that.
The only certainty
is that you took everything
the family Bourbon de Linhaça had.
The house, the estate, the necklace,
the corduroy robe
with the family coat of arms
that our father used to wear.
- And I...
- You?
- What did I get, Eduardo?
- You got the hatred!
You got the anger!
You could never do anything
for yourself.
The only thing I'll be able to do
for myself, Eduardo,
is to destroy you!
Destroy me?
If the mumps didn't get me,
it surely won't be you to get me, Simão.
And no matter how long it takes,
I will expose you.
Do you have enough time left
for all of that, Eduardo?
Hello.
This is not for you.
It's for my Testicle.
Hello!
How are you, Testicle?
How could you?
You swore.
You swore you wouldn't get involved
with miss Matilde.
You swore it!
But, dad...
Lourenço, I asked you,
time and time again.
You can have whoever you want,
any woman in the world.
Cristina Ferreira, Fanny,
Ronaldo's mother,
but not with miss Matilde,
the boss' daughter.
But why?
Why, dad?
You've said it since I started
locking myself in the loo
with women's clothes magazines,
but you've never told me why.
You don't need to know.
You just need to obey your father.
Did I ever forbid you
from doing anything?
You can pierce your ears,
you can tattoo foreign names,
you can listen to D.A.M.A.
whenever you want,
but you can't get involved
with Matilde.
But I love her.
Shut up!
I can't wait to turn 35,
so I can be autonomous
and make my own decisions.
Smoke in the bedroom,
go to Madeira.
You're so ungrateful.
Have I asked anything of you?
Have I not given you anything?
I don't care about material things.
I want my freedom.
The freedom to love the only woman
who believes in my dream
of being the next António Zambujo.
That's right.
You and your big dreams.
Do you what your problem is?
You graduated sixth grade.
Now, you think you're important.
I don't want to end up like you:
alone, bitter
and a slave
to people who don't value you.
Lourenço, come back here.
Lourenço!
Don't do this to me.
Come here!
Eduardo, what's going on?
You're not well.
You're distant.
You know me well, Madalena.
We've been married
for more than 30 years.
Do you want to tell me what's up?
You making a dumb face.
Madalena, if I died today,
would you think
we have had a happy life?
Why are you asking that now?
Sometimes I wonder
if this makes sense, the estate...
... the million dollar horses,
the cherries,
the helicopter...
The helicopter?
We don't have a helicopter.
Then what's that?
It's a cork tree, dear.
Damn.
My eyesight is getting worse.
Could the disease
be harming my eyesight?
- What disease?
- Madalena, are we happy?
Yes, except in bed.
Do you think I'm a good husband?
Yes, Eduardo, except in bed.
Am I that bad in bed, Madalena?
I do everything you ask.
I dressed up as a housekeeper
200 times this year.
Why so many questions, Eduardo?
It's nothing.
Continue painting.
Excuse me.
I've got some tea here.
And those quail cookies
you ordered from Spain.
Thank you, Maria da Piedade.
Leave it there.
And please validate my receipts
in the IRS website.
I've got over twenty.
Of course.
It's António.
António? What António?
Our António.
That's nonsense.
It's Zé Pedro,
from Xutos e Pontapés.
It's a tribute.
Madalena, care to explain
why you're painting António's face?
VANDA'S BAR
Stop!
Lourenço, what's going on?
You're too aggressive.
It's a bad vibe.
It's personal.
Tell us, we're a band.
We're very close.
It's personal.
Let him be, I also get like that
when I'm out of mobile data.
Let's take a break.
Jimmy.
Do you think he's like this
because of me?
Forget about it.
It was just one night.
He's moved on, okay?
Of course, I know.
I was just wondering
if it was worth buying a new helmet.
Diogo, didn't we agree
we'd have no drugs in the group?
Chill, man.
This is for my asthma.
I never liked the inhalers.
You're still looking for work, Jimmy?
Yes, anything.
It's really bad.
They want someone to take care
of the pigs in the estate.
You know I'm vegan.
Jimmy, you don't have to eat them.
It can't be.
It has to be a vegan job.
Something related to flip-flops,
braids or something like that.
There's no room for "but".
We're losing advertisers every week.
The shareholders want me to fire you.
But I don't know
what else to do, Cristina.
I've already put famous people naked
on the cover, myself included,
and my goddaughter too.
I'm the head of the board.
I don't care about your problems.
I answer to the shareholders.
My shrink says
this is not going well.
She's getting scolded again.
The way things are going,
you'll be the next one posing naked.
Again?
My dad's already freaking out.
It was January, March...
March?
The Badoca Park
giraffe handler was you?
Cristina, I'm doing my best.
But I'm having
some personal problems.
I'm trying to investigate
some things from my past.
Cristina.
Something inside of me
tells me I'm not an orphan.
How so?
One look at you
and we know you're an orphan.
You have the face of an orphan,
the eyes, the teeth, the height...
I don't know.
I have a whole team of scientists
in New York investigating.
And Raul is searching the Dark Web
and the Sapo portal...
Filipa, I'm rich.
Rich people don't care about others.
If our next issue doesn't sell
78 million copies, you're fired.
And you'll get back to your old job
as a body pump instructor in Odivelas.
Madalena, don't run away
from my question.
Why were you painting António?
I paint whatever comes to my mind.
I'm an artist.
I've painted the pope,
Jorge Gabriel and Quaresma.
Don't bring up the artist thing.
I'm not uncultured.
I went to the theatre once.
You've never allowed me
to express my art.
Never.
You've never allowed me to be myself
and go to Rock in Rio
wearing leggings.
- I'm tired of this!
- Calm down.
Calm down.
I know that sometimes
I may seem a bit conservative,
but you must understand I was raised
among the animals and the cherries.
When we only had one TV channel.
I've always voted
for the Christian party.
You've studied agronomy in London.
When there was rock, punks and drugs.
How come you didn't expand
your horizons?
Because I got bullied
for parting my hair in the middle.
I'm suffocating in this relationship.
I need to run freely.
- Free like Obikwelu.
- Madalena, listen to me.
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
I promise I'll make you happy.
I...
At least in these last few months.
In these last few months?
What are you hiding from me?
Lourenço.
May I?
Come in, Mr. Simão.
Do you want some?
I've made some fish sticks
that only take two minutes
to cook in the microwave
and that are sold
in all supermarkets.
They're fresh, easy to cook
and they have all the ingredients
for a healthy and nutritive meal.
Want some?
Each package feeds four people
and only costs 8,99 Euros.
No, thank you, Lourenço, but...
So, Mr. Simão, why are you here?
Lourenço...
You can see it was caught
and frozen in the open sea.
Lourenço.
What I'm about to propose to you...
You have to promise
it stays between us.
Tell me, Mr. Simão.
You know you can trust me.
If you tell this to someone,
I'll say it's a lie
and I'll block you on social media.
Tell me.
You may speak freely.
Lourenço,
I'll give you one million Euros
and a leather jacket
I don't wear anymore
if you convince the estate workers
to rebel against my brother.
One million Euros?
It would be enough to run away
with my star-crossed lover to Silves.
And a jacket.
One million Euros and a jacket.
One million Euros.
I don't care.
The next issue must sell
78 million copies,
so you better get Júlio Isidro
to pose naked for the cover.
- Should I put these papers here?
- Yes.
Do you think they belong here,
you idiot?
- You told me...
- Shut up!
Go serve some coffee,
buy printer ink or whatever it is you do.
- I'm your assistant.
- Shut up!
Who's calling me at this hour?
Translation and Subtitling
LILIANA ANDRADE
RTP - Production